---
banner: careers.jpg
bodyBg: true
hideTitle: true
---

::sub-nav
:::sub-nav-item{title="Careers"}
We are continuously recruiting highly talented and motivated lawyers and tax experts with excellent academic backgrounds and strong personal skills to expand our practice teams.

Our ability to attract and retain talent is key for our future success. We place great emphasis on recruiting and training talented associates and trainees.

You will have the opportunity to work on interesting and challenging assignments in various practice areas. Experienced lawyers will guide and support you.

At Des Gouttes & Associés you will find a team-oriented and international work environment.
:::
:::sub-nav-item{title="Associates"}
We are constantly seeking highly talented and motivated lawyers and tax experts with an excellent academic background and strong personal skills to continuously expand our practice team.

### Challenging work and specialization
Our associates have the opportunity to work on interesting and challenging assignments for our domestic and foreign clients and advise on a broad range of business law matters, typically involving cross-border considerations. During their assignments, they work with all attorneys and partners of our firm with a clear focus on the practice areas in which they will specialize over time.

The fields of expertise of our associates evolve naturally. Although we encourage and promote specialization with increasing experience, we feel that it is important for our young associates to have a comparatively broad exposure to different practice areas in the early stages of their career, which allows them to grow naturally into their preferred fields of specialization. This approach ensures that our associates become specialists without losing the benefits of a generalist’s view, namely the ability to provide solid and pragmatic advice and identify potential issues beyond the scope of their core specialization.

### Training and education
We offer our associates ongoing education both on the job and through access to external seminars and conferences.

### Applications
We look forward to receiving applications from candidates who are attracted by a team-oriented and challenging work environment. We expect excellent academic credentials, admission to the bar, excellent language skills (French, English and a strong command of German), strong personal skills, and broad extracurricular interests. Although we welcome additional academic qualifications (such as a doctorate, postgraduate studies, specialist degrees, tax expert diplomas, etc.) and practical work experience, this is not a requirement for your application for an associate position.

Please send your application together with your photo, curriculum vitae, diplomas and references to:

Des Gouttes & Associés<br>
Arun Chandrasekharan<br>
4, avenue de Champel<br>
1206 Geneva
:::
:::sub-nav-item{title="Trainees"}
We are permanently recruiting talented and motivated graduates (with a master's degree or equivalent) with an excellent academic background and strong personal skills from all Swiss law schools.

Trainees work with different associates and partners of our firm with a view to giving them broad exposure to different practice areas.

A strong emphasis on training ensures a systematic introduction to various practice areas and solid preparation for the bar exam.

To the extent that our role as legal counsel permits, and depending on the nature of the assignment, we encourage and expect our trainees to have direct client contact and take responsibility early on with the support and guidance of one of our partners or associates.

Although we formally retain trainees for the time required to sit for the bar exam, we regard our efforts in their training and education as an important investment in future talent, and offer talented and motivated trainees the opportunity to work with us as associates after their bar exam.

We look forward to receiving applications from candidates attracted by a team-oriented and challenging work environment. We expect candidates to have successfully graduated from law school (with a master's degree or equivalent) and have outstanding academic credentials, excellent language skills (French and English, and a strong German command), strong personal skills and broad extracurricular interests.

Please send your application together with your curriculum vitae, diplomas and references to:

Des Gouttes & Associés<br>
Arun Chandrasekharan<br>
4, avenue de Champel<br>
1206 Geneva
:::
::
